adding branching docs (#383)
SuperDARN/rst: docs/dev/branching.md

<!--Copyright (C) 2020 SuperDARN Canada, University of Saskatchewan 
Author(s): Marina Schmidt 

Modifications:

Disclaimer:
RST is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-->

## Branching 

> In git, you can branch off other sources of code this allows you to change the code without affecting others. 

Reviewer: Is this a bit clearer?
```suggestion
In git, "branches" are used to make changes to the code without affecting the main codebase or the work of other developers. Once the changes on a new branch have been tested in a "pull request", the new branch is merged into the main codebase. 
```
